Create 2021-06-09-Subnero-Romor-partnership (#168)
subnero1/subnero1.github.io: _posts/2021-06-09-Subnero-Romor-partnership.md

---
layout: post
title: New business partner for Subnero in Canada
banner : images/banner-pulse-standard.jpg
date:  2021-06-09
categories: news wnc
thumbnail: images/pulse-romor.jpg
---

> Subnero, the leading global provider of underwater wireless communication technology is further expanding its Asian operations, having signed a partnership with [ROMOR Ocean Solutions](https://romor.ca/){:target="_blank"} to support Canadian business growth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subnero, the leading global provider of underwater wireless communication technology is further expanding its operations, having signed a partnership with [ROMOR Ocean Solutions](https://romor.ca/){:target="_blank"} to support Canadian business growth.
```

> ROMOR Ocean Solutions, based in Nova Scotia, on the easy coast of Canada, represents several wll known brands as well as being a system integrator. Darrin Verge, CEO of Romor, has been in the ocean instrumentation sector for over 3 decades, giving a wealth of knowledge as well as solid relationship with system manufacturers, private and pubkic research groups, making Romor a solid parner to promote and support Subnero's offering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ROMOR Ocean Solutions, based in Nova Scotia, on the east coast of Canada, represents several well known brands as well as being a system integrator. Darrin Verge, CEO of ROMOR, has been in the ocean instrumentation sector for over 3 decades, giving a wealth of knowledge as well as solid relationship with system manufacturers, private and public research groups, making ROMOR a solid partner to promote and support Subnero's offering.
```
